Audio.csv Description

The data was gathered from the audio book app
The input represents 2 years worth of engagement - inputs
and 6 months of data to check conversion - targets



1st Column
	ID: Like a name of individual customer

2nd Column
	Overall Book Length: Sum of the length of book purchases

3rd Column
	Average Book Length: Sum of the audio book length divided by the number of purches

4th Column
	Overall price paid

5th Column
	Average price paid

6th Column
	Review: A boolean value which shows if customers left a review
		Shows engagement on a platform
		Assumptions that people that leave reviews are more likely to come again

7th Column
	Review out of 10: Measures a customer review on a scale of 1 - 10
		This contains a lot of missing cells, so these ampty cells are replaced with the average review of the review column
	
8th Column
	Total minutes listened: Measure of engagement
	
8th Column
	Completion: is the total minutes listened divided by overall book length
	
8th Column
	Support Request: Shows the total number of support requests (ranges from forgotten platform to assistance on using the platform)
		May mean the more support a person needed, the likely it is the customer got fed up and left the platform

8th Column
	Last Visited minus purchase date: difference between the last time a person interacted with the platform and their first purchase date
		Another measure of engagement
		If a person engages regularly with the platform then this difference will be bigger (customer is likely to convert again)
		if '0': customer has never accessed what they bought (unlikely they will convert again)

8th Column
	Targets: Boolean
		1: if a person converted
		0: if they did not convert
		
Task: Create a machine learning algorithm that can predict if a customer will buy again

Action Plan
	# Preprocess
		Steps
			Balance the dataset
				- For categorical data
					This would require ensuring each class is equally likely to be picked or selected  e.g.([cat:dog -> 50:50], [cat:dog:horse -> 33:33:33])
				- For our current dataset, its observed a few amount of people converted in the target
					To solve this, we randomly select the same amount of people that converted as well as those that did not convert to forma new data
			Divide the dataset inti 3 parts (training, validation and test
			Save data in a tensor friendly format
	# Create machine learning algorithm
	
	
# Problem
	You are given data from an Audiobook app. Logically, it relates only to the audio versions of books. Each customer in the database has made a purchase at least once, that's why
	he/she is in the database. We want to create a machine learning algorithm based on our available data that can predict if a customer will buy again from the Audiobook company.

	The main idea is that if a customer has a low probability of coming back, there is no reason to spend any money on advertizing to him/her. If we can focus our efforts ONLY on
	customers that are likely to convert again, we can make great savings. Moreover, this model can identify the most important metrics for a customer to come back again. 
	Identifying new customers creates value and growth opportunities.

	You have a .csv summarizing the data. There are several variables: Customer ID, Book length in mins_avg (average of all purchases), Book length in minutes_sum (sum of all purchases),
	Price Paid_avg (average of all purchases), Price paid_sum (sum of all purchases), Review (a Boolean variable), Review (out of 10), Total minutes listened, Completion (from 0 to 1),
	Support requests (number), and Last visited minus purchase date (in days).

	So these are the inputs (excluding customer ID, as it is completely arbitrary. It's more like a name, than a number).

	The targets are a Boolean variable (so 0, or 1). We are taking a period of 2 years in our inputs, and the next 6 months as targets. So, in fact, we are predicting if: based on the
	last 2 years of activity and engagement, a customer will convert in the next 6 months. 6 months sounds like a reasonable time. If they don't convert after 6 months, chances are 
	they've gone to a competitor or didn't like the Audiobook way of digesting information.

	The task is simple: create a machine learning algorithm, which is able to predict if a customer will buy again.

	This is a classification problem with two classes: won't buy and will buy, represented by 0s and 1s.